Thanks for joining the Drop Servicing Blueprint Partner Program!

To activate your account you must first complete, sign and submit the Enrolment Form.

Click Here to access the Enrolment Form.

Click Here to watch the instructions on how to activate your account.

When you joined the program, we sent another email with your login details to access the course platform and an invitation to join the private community.

The subject line of that email is "(LOGIN DETAILS) New Drop Servicing Blueprint Partner Program Account" and your login details are at the end of that email.

If you can't find the email please check your Spam, Social, Updates, Promotions and Junk folders to make sure it's not hiding in there.

Also make sure to check the unread and read emails received and look for the subject line "(LOGIN DETAILS) New Drop Servicing Blueprint Partner Program". Use the

search function in your email box if you don't see it.




--- IMPORTANT: Read the entire email, your login details are at the end ---

Welcome to the Drop Servicing Blueprint Partner Program!

To activate your account you must first submit the Enrolment Form.

Click Here to access the Enrolment Form.

Click Here to watch the instructions on how to activate your account.

After you have submitted the Enrolment Form, join our private community: Click Here

Feel free to ask any questions you have in the Facebook group. We will reply to all of them.

You can also ask your questions live during our 3 weekly live coaching sessions that take place according to the following schedule:

- Every Tuesday at 1pm GMT

- Every Thursday at 8pm NZT

- Every Sunday at 6pm CET

The coaching sessions take place in the Facebook group so to join you simply need to enter the Facebook group at the appointed time and you will see the live 

stream at the top of the group.

The Program is a massive 8 module course with detailed knowledge from beginner to advanced and step-by-step processes to build your business.

This process is based on real businesses driving 6-figures right now and we even reveal everything from one of these businesses to show you how it's done.

Start with the Drop Servicing Partner Program module before the rest of the course for the fastest results.

We find students get much more success faster when action steps are completed before moving forward because it reduces information overwhelm and maximizes your

success.

That's why each module is unlocked on a weekly basis, every 7 days from the date that you join. Week 2 will be unlocked 7 days after your signup date, Week 3 after

14 days, Week 4 after 21 days, etc.

This way you can achieve massive results without getting pulled down by information overload!
